[MUSIC]
>> Kyle Simpson: This next exercise again
probably shouldn't take the ten minutes,
but what you're gonna do is essentially
you're gonna take the fixed version
of what you finished in exercise two.
You can either take my fixed JS, or
you can take yours if you like your code,
either way.
But that's gonna be the starting point for
ex3.js.
So when you open ex3.js,
you'll see that it's empty.
And it says copy in the fixed
code as your starting point.
So I will do that,
I will take the fixed version from ex2.
Copy that in as my starting point.
Now, what does this readme tell us to do?
We are going to revisit
the work from exercise 2,
but we are going to take what we
just learned about the prototype and
we are going to do away
with the module pattern.
And, instead, we're going to implement
this as a class with prototypes.
So, I'm going to get you started, and then
I'm going to give you a couple of minutes
so that you get some practice with it.
So, the first thing is that we
no longer have a module factory.
What we're instead going
to have is a constructor,
which we'll call notes manager,
for convenience sake.
Consistency.
We'll come back to his contents
here in just a moment, but
now these things that were
private functions inside of our
module are now going to be
public methods on our API.
The way do that is
notesmanager.prototype.addNote
= function that takes a note parameter.
And then we unindent one level,
add a semicolon.
Now in all places inside of these
functions that they reference things that
were private variables, they need to now
reference properties under this object.
So I need to say this.$notes .preprend.
I'll do one more for you.
NotesManager.prototype.addCurrentNote =
function
>> Kyle Simpson: Add my semicolon.
That new note, that needs to have
a this reference in front of it,
this guy needs a this reference,
this guy needs a this reference, and
this guy needs a this reference.
So your exercise is to continue
that conversion, convert from
the module format to the prototype format,
and insert your this references.
Pay particular attention
to your event bindings,
make sure you're using
binding where you need to.
And I'll give you five or
eight minutes for
you to play around with typing
all that out and we'll regroup.